# Azure Cognitive Language Services
## 1. Azure Content Moderator
	- Intro
	Azure Content Moderator allows to set up limits and boundaries for content generated by users. That can automatically allow or block some elements. Additionally, this service can be helpful for manually inspecting sensitive or profane texts.
	With Azure Content Moderator we can
		- Analyze and filter unwanted data (like profanity or personal information). Report from accident is in JSON from and contains unwanted word and it's position.
		- Classify text which can be possible offending. This option allows to classify text into 3 categories and it's propabilities for a text.
	- Use cases
		- Moderating chats, forums and discuss groups - to filter offending contents and banned words.
		- Preventing offensive comments for blogs and videoblogs. 
		- Filter offending documents/emails
	- How to?
		1. create Content Moderator resource with it's subscription key.
		2. for that resource we can test it by API web-based testing console or by sending POST request with Ocp-Apim-Subscription-Key (from above) header and content to moderate as body.
	- Pricing
	Price list is divided into two parts: standard and free. The number of free transactions is limited to 5,000 in the free version, and in the paid: from 0 to 1 million transactions - € 0.844 per 1,000 transactions, from 1 million to 5 million transactions - € 0.633 per 1,000 transactions, from 5 million to 10 million transactions - € 0.506 per 1,000 transactions, over 10 million transactions - € 0.338 per 1,000 transactions. However, not every region have free option.
## 2. Language Understanding Intelligent Service
	- Intro
	LUIS is Azure service that process using ML intelligence to "understand" text. This service recognize overall meaning from the text. What's more, this service allows to extract user intention.
	Most important feature from this service is extracting only important phrases from whole text - this is usefull for further  processing of user input
	- Use cases
		- bots - extract only user meanings, what is important for user
		- creating labels for NLP
	- How to?
	1. create resource Language Understanding, filling up location and pricing tier. 
	2. create app using LUIS - it has to be created in same location
	3. now we can create intents, utterances and entities for an app and retriain the model.
	- Pricing
	Price list is divided into two parts: standard and free. Free version is only for text input and 5 transactions/second, and not available at all here, standard version is for 50 transactions/second, prices: € 1.265 per 1000 transactions for text requests and € 4.639 for 1000 transactions for spoken requests.
## 3. Text Analytics API
	- Intro
	Text Analytics is about understanding and analyzing unstructured text to detect it's features like language, emotions and sentiment from text and key phreases. Basically it is advanced cloud based machine learning for natural language processing. The service returns it's predictions from 0 to 1, where 0 is negative prediction, 0.5 is neutral prediction and 1 is positive prediction.
	- Use cases
	1. analyze social media stream
	2. analyze results of the surveys, even with descriptive questions
	3. analyzing for sensitive informations
	- How to?
	4. create Text Analysis resource filling up location and pricing tier and create access key
	5. processing can be done with http requests 
	- Pricing
	Pricing is based on a tier, but for free version it's 5,000 transactions free per month. Higher tiers are Standard and S0-4, and thiers price varies from $74.71 to even $4,999.99 per month. These tiers have also higher limit per quantity of transactions.
